That lowly servant soul is my mother
Right.
He must have really wanted to see you every day
So I gave up that small vegetable stall
The servant who made the Luo family, haha.
Ouch.
Oh, you see, this child is so naughty.
Oops, why is the baby so naughty?
Say no
Sorry children
Just be a mom, please
Sorry.
Design Drawing
It's a little blue flower
No wonder
Every time I have an argument with you
He always takes sides with me
So he's my mom
Of course he wants to wait for you equally
Although you are not his daughter in name
But
No but
I don't care what his reasons were in the first place
Sent me to Nuo's house
He finally abandoned me
I'm just Ye Qingmei's daughter
Not the daughter of a soul at all
Uh yes yes yes
Xueqing is the daughter who fell
And that secret?
Let's bury the girl in our hearts and rot
You have become a writer's wedding dress
Oh, dear.
Then I will have endless glory and wealth
By the way, you are not allowed to call my name in the future
You want to call me Missy?
Understand
Miss
Follow your instructions first
If you dare not give me money when I ask for it
Don't blame me for spreading it out